### Unpopular Rant

##### Politics
1.) Why do people so support leftism or rightism or Republicanism or Democratism? I honestly do not have two dead skin mousepads over your rotten homework paper.

+- Continued, (HausemasterIssue Perspective) People support one or both of these political parties because they are groups. As humans we feel a need to be apart of something bigger, a group. If a group is appealing to us, or displays our beliefs, we are likely to support it. Now, they reason it is so divided is because our monkey brains view outsiders of our group as enemies. It's like a few guys from a different tribe with spears and stones try and tell your tribe what to do. This is pretty much politics. There is a bias called outsider bias. Where one may ignore or treat an outsider of their group with less respect or trust, this is natural. If somebody was to support leftism (you should research what it really means Ryan Chapman on YouTube, he does a great job of this), and a rightist person was to try and pass a right-leaning law, the law may make sense, but to a leftist they are an outsider, so we treat them with less respect and trust, hating them and the law. What really adds fuel to the fire is that both ideologies refuse to find common ground because of how different they are. I'm not saying it's impossible, it's just hard. So to answer you question, as humans we feel the need to be apart of a group, if a group is appealing, we may join it. A lot of groups can hate each other due to outsider bias (racism in some situations).


##### Gender
2.) Why do people care so much about being trans, gay, lesbian, or something. Like ok fine, you're LGBTQ or osmething, and no one cares. That doesnt mean you deserve more rights or whatever and we are all human. Sure, we might treat you differently, and that might be wrong, but I don't care man.
-+ I don't care if you're black or white or yellow or orange or red or blonde or German or Canadian or Mexican or Spanish or Russian or Scandinavian or something.  Why do you think you're so special and deserve the right to say everything is racist and  illegal or a violation of your "rights." Y'all just wasting newspaper space at this point.

+- Continued, (HausemasterIssue Perspective) First, I think this belongs in the politics sction. But to answer your question, a lot of the people and groups you describe usually look through the lense of oppressed and oppressor and left-wing politics. Fundamentally the oppressed is supposed to be active and prevent being oppressed and remove the oppressor. There always needs to be an oppressor in this lense. Usually it is 'society' which is basically just white straight males and their structures. The groups you describe are mostly minorities who wish to be treated the same as the majority and have the same representation as them. This is the fundemental principle of Liberalism, equality. Unfortunatley, it is not too logical for a small percentage of the population to recieve the same representation as the rest. In the eyes of far leftism or Critical theory ignoring minorities and treating them the same way as everyone else makes you a racist or homophobe etc. There is a belief that a lot of traditonal western society is inherently unfair to minorities. Most of these points are taken from general Critical Theory. It's all rather dumb at the end of the day. Instead of people working to overcome these biases through individual work, it's usually just demonizing and attempting to devalue anyone who falls under the right wing to remove the 'oppressor'.
